c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\bin\Debug\CharacterGen.exe.config
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\bin\Debug\CharacterGen.exe
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\bin\Debug\CharacterGen.pdb
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\bin\Debug\CharacterGen.xml
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.AbScores.resources
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Initial.resources
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Resources.resources
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.exe
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.xml
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.pdb
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Feats.resources
c:\users\xeku\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Skills.resources
C:\Users\Xeku\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Race.resources
C:\Users\Xeku\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Classes.resources
C:\Users\Xeku\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Gender.resources
C:\Users\Xeku\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Alignment.resources
C:\Users\Xeku\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.Review.resources
C:\Users\Xeku\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.SkillReview.resources
C:\Users\Xeku\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterGen\CharacterGen\obj\Debug\CharacterGen.LoadReview.resources
